c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.exe.config
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.exe
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.pdb
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\websocket-sharp.dll
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\websocket-sharp.xml
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.exe
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.pdb
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\samuel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.exe.config
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.exe
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.pdb
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.exe
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.pdb
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\websocket-sharp.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\websocket-sharp.xml
C:\Users\samuel\Desktop\Dossier\DiscordIluvatarSuperBot\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
